DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-10011 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2876)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== An empty element with a `contenteditable="true"` attribute within a noneditable root was deleted when the Backspace key was pressed
// TINY-10011

> Previously, when an empty `contenteditable="true"` element was set within a `contenteditable="false"` root, the element was deleted after pressing the `Backspace` key.
> 
> As a consequence, upon pressing the Backspace key the editor would prune any redundant formatting elements without text. This resulted in call to `dom.isEmpty(body)` that returned a `true` value, even if the body has an empty `contenteditable="true"` element. {productname} introduced a solution in version `6.7` to preserve such empty `contenteditable="true"` elements from being treated as redundant content.
> 
> As a result, empty `contenteditable="true"` elements are not deleted on Backspace key pressing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when an empty element with a `contenteditable="true"` attribute was set within a read-only root (ie a root with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute), the empty element was deleted when the *Backspace* key was pressed.

When the Backspace key was pressed in this circumstance, the {productname} editor removed elements that contained no content.

In doing so the `dom.isEmpty(body)` call returned a value, `true`, even if the called `body` included an element that was empty but had a `contenteditable="true"` attribute set.

As of {productname} 6.7, elements with a `contenteditable="true"` attribute set are no longer treated as empty and the `dom.isEmpty(body)` call no longer returns the value `true` with regards such elements.

As a consequence, these elements are no longer deleted when they are immediately before the insertion point and the Backspace key is pressed.
```
Suggested edit.
